Ai: Look at this screen~!
Ai: on finishing the tutorial, the screen has
properly dropped us off here~!
Aoi: yes, thank you~
Aoi: mostly animated users are..
Aoi: After watching this video, if you haven't begun.. definitely go ahead and..
Ai: so, Let's go an have a look!
Ai: going in~
Kiru Chan! Kiru Chan! Kiru Chan!
press 'Play' and..
Kiru Chan! Kiru Chan!
KIRU CHAN!
Definitely Kiru Chan!
'When looking into the darkness, becareful'
'The Darkness is again, not something you can control'
Ai: it' not..
Aoi: you looking this way is problematic~
Ai: it's wrong~
Aoi: the wrong one, right~
Ai: is there a way we can make this Kiru chan maybe?
Aoi: you can't..
Aoi: but this Nadia character is really popular you know
Ai: ah popular?
Aoi: she's cute~
Ai: yeah she's cute as you say~
Ai: is she strong?
Aoi: she's strong~
Ai: from her and kiru chan, who's stronger?
Aoi: that depends on the people~
Ai: let's get this quest started~!
Ai: it's this right..
Ai: 1st Quest~
Ai: Let's Go!
Ah~ there's cute ones too~
Ai: a cute one would be cute right~
Ai: ahh this one!
Ai: now.. let's march!
'Exactly as was boasted, the infinity..'
'after strict training..'
Ai: oh there's narration at this point~
Aoi: isn't it good?
Ai: yeah~
Ai: Eh~ will it always be narrated..?
Aoi: well theres parts that have it and parts that don't
Woah! the attack power is, it's quite strong ~
Ai: since it's playing, i want to watch~
Ai: ah so cool~
aoi: oh~ she defeated it
Ai: it's definitely good to have a strong character from the start isn't it
Ai: it's started now~
Aoi: it's a good way to use it (the character)
Ai: i got the words too
Ai: oooh.. great isn't it~
Ai: ahh it's so cute!
*Squidgy Squidgy*
Ai: *Squidgy Squidgy*!
Aoi: *Squidgy Squidgy*~ but it's quite weak isn't it..
Ai: oh.. just a bit left~
Ai: with this ..
Ai: nothing? is it going to happen..?
'the power of water'
Ai: Definitely talented, me i mean~
Ai: how did it go..?
Aoi: You cleared it~
Ai: i Cleared it!
Ai: if we  apply for it.. do you think it'd upset them?
Ai: application complete~!
Ai: the excitement dropped a bit before..
Ai: but now it's back ~!.. but we didn't give the character a real name right..?
Ai: the starting gacha is definitely important isn't it..
Ai: well.. can give it one after using either way~
Aoi: where.. what points were the most fun?
Ai: it has to be the.. motions~
Ai: the pretty/clean motions and also..
Ai: specifically, i found nothing really~
Ai: honestly, i was just dabbling but then this grate, what'd you call it..
Ai: also, even though it sounded really easy..
Ai: in reality, in a difficult battle
the level of difficulty for the strategy etc
and how you had to think about it too was really fun~
Aoi: as expected of ai chan
Aoi: the strategy is important! from here on, if it builds...
Aoi: it's gradually become even more fun in the end
Ai: lets try it a bit..
Ai: you know the Squidgy one, can it be useful?
Aoi: hmm.. that one..
Aoi: most likely, from the next one you'll be able to use it more..
Aoi: you need to train and increase it..
Ai: ah really,
Ai: so then if we train it from the start it'll become AI right~
Ai: ah, you introduced me to such a great game!
Ai: i'm going to keep going..
Ai: to develop/train that 'Slime' character~
Aoi: good luck with that~
Ai: by the way, you mentioned earlier but,..
Ai: you can become 'friends' on here right?
Ai: so even i can make friends~!
Ai: only in the game though~
Aoi: yeah you can
Ai: so with that
Ai: i'm thinking of playing this game quite a bit
Ai: so i want to recruit some friends who will fight with me ~!
Ai: from this 'Friend' button..
Ai: click here and your own ID will show...
Ai: so here is my ID~!
Ai: did you memorise? well it's a video so you can go back and pause~...
Ai: so with that you can and should definitely send me a friend request!
Aoi: do you think they'll come?
Ai: they wont come you mean?
Aoi: since you don't have friends they wont come..
Aoi: but you never know..
Ai: they'll come... (anxious)
Aoi: well, go ahead an.. tell them to come~
Aoi: having strong friends will make it easier to do, when it comes to battles,...
Aoi: so to the fans.. to the audience,...
Aoi: you should invite them to get stronger together with you
Ai: ah you're right..
Ai: you all should become strong for me.
(Relying on you)
Ai: so please send me a friend request okay..
Ai: if i end up with zero then i can't do anything...
Ai: let's become friends!
Ai: And with that
Ai: Today's introduction:...
'GenJuu Keiyaku Kuriputo rakuto'
(Mythical contract Crypt ~)
doing Development related work,..
From 'Bank of innovation'
This spring
This spring.. the new game...
'Mitra Sphere' is planned to be released!
Does everyone remember maybe~?
Ai: in that previous video it was mentioned before~
during the the pre-entry campaign ...
the 1,000,000Yen total cost for the initial part was reached through the lottery!
by the way.. the inside of the 1,000,000yen parts are what i wonder..?
Aoi: The no.1 is the Playstation VR isn't it~
Ai VR..?
Aoi: yes VR..
Ai: that's me isn't it..
With that, i hope everyone takes part in the campaign okay~